---
title: "Minutes of Meetings"
description: "Latest news and event on OpenG2P"
keywords: "glossary, openg2p, news"
noratings: true
skip_read_time: true
---

## Working group of the OpenG2P, meeting of June 8th - Summary

2020-06-08
Participants:  Salton Massally, Keyzom Massally, James Dailey, Ed Cable

### Key Items

Outreach over the past two weeks:

- OpenHIE - James met with key contact there and will forward powerpoint OpenG2P deck, introduce Salton and suggest a meeting with their payments working group or architecture solutions group.  Note openIMIS and payment use cases.
- MSC (Microsave Consulting) - a productive meeting in which key use cases were endorsed as vital including active beneficiary management system/recourse, de-duplication, and the concept of foundational identity versus functional identity.
- Mifos - Salton met with DPC arranged by Ed to talk through payments gateway EE which connects to Mifos with Mojaloop and other payment networks and handles configurable flows with BPMN/Zeebe.

Deployment in Sierra Leone:

- This is moving forward and a Steering Committee is being established with the National Central Bank, and key stakeholders including UNCDF, UNDP, and others.
- Mifos may be invited to join in some capacity

Communications:

- Documentation site is live.
- Deck is nearly finalized and Salton to send out next version.
- Op-Ed article is being worked on, comments welcomed.

Planned outreach next two weeks:

- General theme is “Share deck more widely” and follow up on existing
- Salton to follow up with MSC on architecture and deployments
- Salton to meet with Simprint on architecture alignment
- Salton is already reaching out to IRC
- James to work on alignment call with a possible vendor
- Salton to initiate outreach email to potential supporters
- James has a few contacts to bring into this, will reach out.

Roadmap:

- More documentation needed on system boundaries and role of each component in architecture.
- Design decisions to be documented. e.g. Verification service says is this the person who they are and is the data provided by this person consistent with the data we have etc. Deduplication service answers the question does this person exist within our universe.
- Salton to explain more on documentation site.

Policies:

- James to work on draft of Identity “Policy Doc” for OpenG2P
- This is to include philosophy  and beliefs - acknowledge foundational identification but also provide options - in favor of identification of people and agnostic as long as protective of consumer privacy and provide sufficient functionality for deduplication and verifying people

Long term planning:

- Eventually this needs a different hosting entity and home
- All are welcome to bring proposals to this group next meeting
- Next meeting on Monday, 9:30am Seattle /10pm New Delhi via Zoom
- Propose that these summary notes should be uploaded to documentation under a new high level heading “Working Group”> minutes of meetings.
